OSDOCS-12691 [ROSA] New Feature: Log Forwarder (#104758)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-determine-log-groups.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/rosa-configuring-the-log-forwarder.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="rosa-determine-log-groups.adoc_{context}"]
= Determining what log groups to use 

When you forward control plane logs, you must decide on what log groups you want to use. Log groups cost money, so the more log groups you have, the more money you spend. For each log group, you have access to different applications, and these applications can change depending on what you choose to enable and disable with your logs. 

See the following table to help you decide what log groups you need before you begin to forward your control plane logs: 

|====
| Log group name| Benefit of that log group| Example applications available for that log group  

| API  
| Records every request made to the cluster. Helps security by detecting unauthorized access attempts.
a| 
* `audit-webhook`
* `kube-apiserver`
* `oauth-openshift`
* `openshift-apiserver`
* `openshift-oauth-apiserver`
* `packageserver`
* `validation-webhook`  

| Authentication  

> | Tracks login attempts and requests for tokens. Helps you access the cluster.

Reviewer: auth logs do not help you access the cluster.

https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.8/html/security_and_compliance/audit-log-view

a| 
* `ignition-server`
* `konnectivity-agent`

| Controller manager  
| Monitors the controllers that watch the state of your clusters. Helps explain the difference among the different cluster states, for example, the `Current`, `Desired`, `Health`, and `Feature` state.
a| 
* `aws-ebs-csi-driver-controller`
* `capi-provider-controller-manager`
* `catalog-operator`
* `cloud-controller-manager`
* `cloud-credential-operator`
* `cloud-network-config-controller`
* `cluster-network-operator`
* `cluster-node-tuning-operator`
* `cluster-policy-controller`
* `cluster-version-operator`
* `control-plane-operator`
* `control-plane-pki-operator`
* `csi-snapshot-controller-operator`
* `csi-snapshot-controller`
* `dns-operator`
* `hosted-cluster-config-operator`
* `ingress-operator`
* `kube-controller-manager`
* `machine-approver`
* `multus-admission-controller`
* `network-node-identity`
* `olm-operator`
* `openshift-controller-manager`
* `openshift-route-controller-manager`
* `ovnkube-control-plane`   

| Scheduler    

> | Records the placement of each pod on every node. Helps you understand why pods are in a `Feature`, `Scheduling`, or `Pending` state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Records the placement of each pod on every node. Helps you understand why pods are in a `Running` or `Pending` state.
```

Upstream reference for pod statuses: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#pod-phase
